Her Royal Highness
I suggest you still see the reality clearly?
Your good sister
And your hard-working good sister is all in my hands
Princess, I don't think you want to either
Could he die for your stubbornness?
Mr. Su, if you are willing to expose Li Song's crimes
We can sit back and watch his accusations completely
Let him be the mouse that everyone in the building crosses the street shouting and beating
Because of you
You can also parade with Wang Qianxian
Restore former rights
The best of both worlds
Why not?
Oh, right.
Did he come to save you?
I advise you not to be infatuated
Around the church?
Tricked me into hiring
Not less than 1,000 masters of the Temple of Evil
expert
You think you have a good chance of getting out alive
Or are you more likely to make a pair of human samples?
My Shen family must have five masters 200.
Can be transferred for demolition at any time
Zhang Jiaru and I have a total of 250 people
But always only one helping hand
Good princess
Now it's your turn to choose
I see.
I told you
The empty owner still came in in general
What? I don't think you want to
The video of me being held hostage was posted on TV
I think Li Shao still needs some face
Let go of Master and Sister Li Yao
Don't push your luck.
Then it's not negotiable. Let go
You can start now.
My husband, Li Xuan
upright and evil
To avenge the destruction of his family
Repeatedly framed by evil
I will give my blood today
Let the people of Great Xia know
Look at the ugly faces of these powerful people
May I help you?
Blind date
To tell you the truth
Li Xuan, you are my type
The one-of-a-kind kind
Then punish you